Update README.md (Continuous Integration section) (#72)
LedgerHQ/app-boilerplate: README.md

The flow processed in [GitHub Actions](https://github.com/features/actions) is the following:

- Ledger guidelines enforcer which verfies that an app is compliant with Ledger guidelines. The successful completion of this reusable workflow is a mandatory step for an app to be available on the Ledger application store. More information on the guidelines can be found in the repository [ledger-app-workflow](https://github.com/LedgerHQ/ledger-app-workflows)
- Code formatting with [clang-format](http://clang.llvm.org/docs/ClangFormat.html)

> - Compilation of the application for Ledger Nano S in [ledger-app-builder](https://github.com/LedgerHQ/ledger-app-builder)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Compilation of the application for all Ledger hardware in [ledger-app-builder](https://github.com/LedgerHQ/ledger-app-builder)
```

- Unit tests of C functions with [cmocka](https://cmocka.org/) (see [unit-tests/](unit-tests/))
- End-to-end tests with [Speculos](https://github.com/LedgerHQ/speculos) emulator and [ragger](https://github.com/LedgerHQ/ragger) (see [tests/](tests/))
- Code coverage with [gcov](https://gcc.gnu.org/onlinedocs/gcc/Gcov.html)/[lcov](http://ltp.sourceforge.net/coverage/lcov.php) and upload to [codecov.io](https://about.codecov.io)
- Documentation generation with [doxygen](https://www.doxygen.nl)

It outputs 5 artifacts:
- `compiled_app_binaries` within binary files of the build process for each device
- `boilerplate-app-debug` within output files of the compilation process in debug mode

> - `speculos-log` within APDU command/response when executing end-to-end tests

Reviewer: This is outdated no?

Author: agree
